= simple_uri_template

* http://github.com/rschenk/simple_uri_template

== DESCRIPTION:

Simple URI Template is a ridiculously simple URI Templating class.

It does not support all of the features of URI Templating (http://bitworking.org/projects/URI-Templates/) but it does support the simplest case well.

I created it because the two Ruby URI Template libraries I could find (http://github.com/sporkmonger/addressable and https://rubyforge.org/projects/uri-template/) were making my life more difficult than necessary. Both libraries required String values for both keys and values in the "expansion" Hash. How annoying.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Allows both Strings and Symbols as expansion Hash keys
* Allows any object that responds to to_s as expansion values
* Consists of one gsub
* Only the simplest case of URI Templates, not all that fancy join stuff

== SYNOPSIS:

  template = SimpleURITemplate.new "http://github.com/{user}/{project}"
  
  template.expand { :user => 'rschenk', :project => 'simple_uri_template' }
  #=> "http://github.com/rschenk/simple_uri_template"


  template_2 = SimpleURITemplate.new "http://google.com?q={query}"
  
  template_2.expand { 'query' => 'Squibnocket Point tide chart' }
  #=> "http://google.com?q=Squibnocket%20Point%20tide%20chart"


  template_3 = SimpleURITemplate.new "http://example.com/page/{page_number}"
  
  template_3.expand :page_number => 2
  #=> "http://www.example.com/page/2"

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Nothin' fancy

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install rschenk-simple_uri_template

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Ryan Schenk <rschenk@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
